refactor: config_files is a readonly config (#9777)
emqx/emqx: changes/v5.0.15/fix-9750.en.md

Reload overriding configs after boot.

> Prior to this change, two configs were allow to change from dashboard, but will not take effect after reboot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to this change, two configs were allowed to be changed from dashboard, but would not take effect after reboot:
```
